speaks guys here who speaks is the pec with
15th and 19th of May craft light schumi
together with the young man, what to say is that you
goes along with the bertin and the soap and
guys on video today it does one thing
very special is how you can see
by the title of the video today we will release
finally a link to download the map
light rain and mosson
Yes I know I always follow the series
always wanted to experience me that who is
feeling this incredible map that is made
by two nervous construction teams
the anger why take it here, yes you are
will be able to do that today exactly
galera either description of the video will have
a link where you can access that you
will be taken to the site of the
handling craft on that site you will be able to
to download the light film map
centered around him is to explore each
detail discovered easter eggs
own builders spread
this place finally meet the light movie
very closely I even a map
that you like a lot of people, everything
like episode at the end of the episode and
There always seems to be a lot of people
asking so I wanted to correct such
Part I wanted to put it to download
and we made it ours
you can download the resected corner app
that we did not show the recording that
you are curious to see why place
we never entered them to identify them
the plants are showed first episode
yes that boat the law that we never
showed in his business in 2 in the then has
several things here that we do not even
showed maps not explored and you can
download the map and check here
description of the video but it is more than
this is not a video just notice
to tell you that we now have the link
of the download map actually is
truth
so we have something else
It is also interesting that
You can be part of the
women and perhaps even create the
own adventures for the series to both
using the map as the source of
inspiration and mike ticket you get the
map and make some type modifications
in the factory we like agent can
use the episode or 90 years
Exactly guys so I know you have
many people who end up commenting are about
the fact that we should use more
It's the team's factory that should be what the
people will do from now or
Be it you can download the map
create a new selection or a new one
adventure that is located in some
new session of miracles or even in
somewhere nearby and we'll go there
venturing out the staff ran through this
adventure that you created yourself
To the people in the e-mail that will be on the
description of the video we see yes athletes
two surprises as it was in the last video
Enthusiastic you will like
before and show that I talk now but
that things will happen, you can talk
Tell people to be happy here and if a
commemorative video at pizzotti union
women in the Arctic is with their 11 has no
nothing to lose no episode is another one
Notice about us out
Fifty was we will make reforms
music girl to spend another episode
What are you guys going to do next?
does not spend much time average is because
type it does not have multiple sessions equal to
another who had their food and are
different from feeling everything else to us
intends to make lexus luxury renovations
integrating every business is exactly the
guys because they no longer use many
women is for this reason other
reasons is also that building 1,600
new to do and participate in
adventures every day here in
women is a very tiring job and
tone is much better
is we got a map is in the separate case
to make these constructions even because
if I were to do it this way I would have
how many episodes women per week
two or three at most until it gathers
a team here they think of a model
design that makes sense to a fable that
building a scenario here is
complicated then it is easier for us to
we want to visit the gta dimension
simply go through the portal then
these are the ideas of the portal and have
many people ask but the idea of
movie is simply has moto show case
differently this idea is not
very well the idea of ​​ores the idea
of miracles is to give meaning and
interesting thing with the use of
of the dead and you can see that everything
that we do it as simple or as
hidden we are we have to
makes sense mogi eg getat
in their mode fans have cars
the cnps that we always fought with
they're the gut I just did not think of
region a peoa had existed even
Little boy and his brother and look there look that
no, no
but it is for these and other reasons
people always use each episode a
mold is sure you do not end up
realizing the same but every episode
fashions and modes are placed and there is evidence
in the case and we give a sense and
a greater reason for them was the
idea and this is the idea of ​​the lightweight film
but anyway the guys at
description of the video has the link down and there
have fun visit a map a region
I highly recommend that you sit down and
that we never showed her is the region
of the galleon rooms of each builder
had the right to make a room with the
theme and the artistic freedom that they
I understood it was so easy when they try
Dwarf aquino background
Fitch is very nice of the room and I
even though the problems with the top scorer
have to take a look then the
cuts the boys if it was revealed that until
an easter egg in that room here what
leads to another region also are not
several and several easter eggs some
some message boards that
jacinto pinto is a prisoner can go there and
denounce view has multiple 16gb beck was
I know it's the name of the person to whom
sold the preview has several and is on
part of which is a prostitute who
ball but has several various havoc
you can explore the galley
especially here in quartz zone
I do not know how to witness what was
built here I never explored that
with all kind I think no pilot
this area of the school has to speak
Then then, there you go and talk now.
Are you passionate about exploring yourself?
Speak thus, I like a thousandth
missing the theme will be luxury zombie invasion
laboratory-type lexus with the
experiments that went wrong can we
record the evil that you went through to
people upload the low and middle people
that realizes this amorous episode
Exactly so people can
go through several readings that you
themselves created ok then in the description of the
video has an email where you can flip
a map with some images in a brief
explanation of how this new
version of the call you created and the
people is with your help you can create
a very cool content here that is the
content you want content that
Do you like lunch and we talk about
another surprise from Semileves guys to
close the video with a golden key but
I want you to know what it is.
Do we count personals, I do not
I want to tell you not do not want to know that
account is not this, I want to leave your
very curious because this guy is crazy
good left marquinhos account yet with
a boot that attacked but how many times
You 'll scream to know what you really
people prepare a super luxury
Very cool women, but when you talk
It's really cool, it's really cool.
that baby and I will not talk you will not like it
You get, want you, you're good, then.
I tried to be quiet if I told you
anything
I was going to tell the mark left so I'm going
count but the next one she hopes will not
to be a thing is going to take a long time maybe
next week for a maximum of one week
people are going to show this other secret
surprise that we have prepared a
much of the time he told me
really cool is one thing I think
who will change the team light forever
together with the assembly will have
also the retirement that will make
exciting other teams construction
Maybe we 'll get her too.
independent
and it is also necessary to expand this broad
It's also exactly what we were
making you leave as a download
the version number 1 logo the version number 1
does not have the team to lose you
stay because nobody knows that place
Where we fall
Do you know where we are?
Decreases bizarre phrase but it 's session
here the people that have here I think assad
for us as element is of
gather to be able to enter
of furniture do not have and this session here
where the portals do not have the portals
it is simply an empty room because the
initial version of this map had no
these sessions that we finish
building over time so too
such as minor modifications that do not
I know if they're too easy to be
observed but any way to
structure of the map is
available entire business you can
download and play now but this is a video
just to show you this
incredible said the map is
finally downloading is something that
You always wanted to zoom in.
she has the ability to deliver you
you're two exactly nothing if you
liked this favorite video drawing and
You can rest assured that today we will have
then another very interesting video time
take it back to normal tomorrow with new
new episodes during lunch
Yes, that's it, bye, bye.